Allow deploying ES to multiple subnets (#1359)
nasa/cumulus: docs/deployment/troubleshoot_deployment.md

**Solution:** Re-run `terraform apply` and the problem should not recur.

### `ValidationException: You must specify exactly one subnet.` when deploying the data-persistence module

This can happen if you have multiple subnets configured for the Elasticsearch
cluster, but your config is only creating one ES instance. Updating the

> `elasticsearch_config` to increase the number of instances should address this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
issue, update the `elasticsearch_config` variable for your `data-persistence` module to increase the number of instances:
```
